you
This is my loyal disciple, not an army controlled by you.
Impossible. How come you come back so often as a disciple?
Of course, in fact, what can I do if I secretly took care of Jinzhi's followers?
Now print it on my body
My ears didn’t expect that I have a handsome mark in my hand
Home, let me take it down to death
Didn't you take what you said lightly?
Stop growing. Shuaiyin can indeed mobilize troops.
Those who are obedient only regard others as disadvantageous
I really believe that it was Tian Futuo who adjusted his kung fu and not other troops.
It’s you, father and son
first time first time
The palace spread rumors like this
How do you lead them?
Of course it’s my specific
I'll tell you when I get back
It seems you really don’t know
How did I capture the Shang Dynasty Palace?
I didn’t eat this man and woman
Is it true?
Tian Fu listened properly
Pull off and wait for the four princes
The name of the branch company
Help protect your rebellion and capture them all